java c
MGMT90140
Management Competencies1.   IntroductionI would analysis my questionnaire and contrast the results of my questionnaire with other two associates in order to clearly find which are my strengths and weaknesses. In doing so, I have a clear self-awareness about myself. From my professional purpose and my clear self-awareness, I would decide which two competencies I want to develop. Then, I would make specific steps to improve them with the help of my learning buddy. Finally, I believe I can achieve my goals.
2.   Review three results of questionnaires2.1Internal evaluationOverall, I have a high opinion of my competence areas, especially communication and chance management. In the area of communication, I only give the topic “I feel good about myself when talking with others” a five point, and the other are full marks. This is because I feel, sometimes, I have difficulty knowing what other people’s real ideas and what they want but in most of time I can greatly understand other people’s opinions, and they also say have a great discussion with me and often actively discussion daily life or work troubles with me.    Moreover, in the field of Change, I believe I have a growth mindset, so that if I find this change is helpful for the final goal, I would try my best to make this change. I would tell my team members the reasons and benefits of the change in order to make them agree this change. In my opinion, agreements could make our work more efficiency.
However, I find I am not good at the area of conflict and emotional intelligence. Firstly, I still the best way to deal with the conflict is to avoid and compromise as I always afraid a larger conflict. So, I slightly disagree I see conflict as an opportunity. Secondly, I cannot manage my emotion when I am with my mom. For example, I often talk to her impatiently when I feel stressed out. In addition, I cannot separate my personal feelings from my work. That means, when I feel my teacher does not like me and the teacher give me a low score, my first thought is the low score is due to his dislike of me. I would feel extremely angry and I need some time to calm down. Finally, I can calmly analysis the reasons behind the low score. Therefore, I feel these two areas need me to further improve.
Picture2-1
The total and average results to find self-strengths and weakness.   2.1   Review differences in three questionnaires’ results
From the data, there is a big difference from the area of relationships  emotional intelligence. The two associates both say I have a stable emotion to solve problems. For example, when I firstly came to the new house in a new country, I found the house were unable to live as it had no electricity. I was not very anxious, but quickly thought of a solution. The differences in emotional intelligence are that I can manage my emotions well outside, such as my friends, my teachers, etc. However, I would become impatient in front of my mom, especially when I feel anxiety and stressed. Moreover, I know I would feel extremely stressed when i face some urgent things or I need to finish many things in a short time. I would not show these negative emotions to other people around me. I would just complain with my mom. Therefore, I give myself a low grade related to manage my emotions.
The rest of the differences is mainly caused by associates’ personalities. Associate 1 is a quite conservative people, she thinks leave some grades for me to improve. Whereas the associate   2 is a brave and trys to get to know other people’s strengths, so she gives me much more full grades if she thinks I do well.
Table 2-2
The average results of three questionnaires’ results   Average-selfAverage-associate 1Average-associate 2Average-other 代 写MGMT90140 Management CompetenciesPython
代做程序编程语言two peopleDifference between myself and other two people
SELF-AWARENESS5.005.006.005.50-0.50
SLEF-IMPROVEMENT5.004.676.005.33-0.33
RELATIONSHIPS  EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE4.865.146.835.99-1.13
NETWORKING5.004.505.334.920.08
MANAGING POWER  POLITICS5.334.675.174.920.42
COMMUICATION5.835.335.335.330.50
PERSUASION5.674.675.174.920.75
MOTIVATION5.335.005.675.330.00
CREATIVITY5.175.005.505.25-0.08
DECISION MAKING5.335.335.175.250.08
CONFLICT MANAGEMENT4.835.674.335.00-0.17
COLLABORATION  TEAMWORK5.175.004.674.830.33
CHANGE MANAGEMENT5.835.174.674.920.922.2   Review personal strengths and weakness within three questionnaires’ resultsFrom the bar chart and apart from some interference factors, such as misunderstanding the questions, personalities, etc. I can clearly find out communication and chance management are my strengths. The result is consistent with self-awareness. This also the reason why I choose marketing as my major and also these two competences are quite important for future career development—become an excellent member of marketing. At the same time, we can find conflict management are the weakness for me.Bar chart 2-3The Average three results to find strengths and weaknesses.3.   Develop two chosen areasBased on learning model: remember your higher goals, keep your career aspirations and professional purpose in mind when choosing the specific competencies, you want to further develop, and the results of triangulation. I choose learn to how to face conflict and improve my emotional intelligence.3.1   Conflict“Conflict can be productive.” This theory I learned from class suddenly makes me realize we need to face conflict rather than avoiding. From the theory “ start at the end”, I want to be a person who know how to deal the conflict and make conflict become more productive. Therefore, I would train myself in small group discussions, when I have different ideas with other people, I need to bravely address my ideas and listen other people’s ideas in order to have more better conclusions. Practice 10.000 hours makes perfect. In the following two years, when I join meetings, I would tell myself bravely address your ideas when these ideas are different from that of other people.3.2   Emotional intelligenceManaging myself emotional intelligence and become an emotional stability people is really crucial toward life and work. In the future work, urgent things must happen, and I need to learn how to deal with them. Firstly, I need to write a priority list to help them define which is most important and urgent for me to deal with. After that, I need to do following the list. I do not need feel worry and calm down to do things from the most urgent and important things. Meanwhile, I also need to learn quit some unimportant things when I cannot solve the whole things. In the following time, when I meet the urgent or much more things, I would do steps by steps without revealing negative emotions.4.   Key insights from learning buddyWhile I discussing with my learning buddy, we found that we both have difficulty managing our emotions with our closest persons. Therefore, we decide to use SMART model to deal with the problems. Firstly, we want to become a patient person in front of our closest persons. Secondly, from daily life, when we feel dispirited, stressed, anxiety, etc., we would remind ourself of noticing the attitude to our closest persons. During this period, we would often remind each other, discussion our situations twice a month and receive feedback from our closest persons once a month. Practice makes perfect, so we would insist these steps for one year. If we do well in this year, at the end we will reward ourself a trip.      

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
